Remove incorrect string quoting of '+' for string concatenation (#2810)
modelica/ModelicaSpecification: chapters/syntax.tex

  Q-IDENT where they are treated as part of the STRING or Q-IDENT
  lexical unit.
\item

>   String constant concatenation \lstinline!"a" "b"! becoming \lstinline!"ab"! (as in C) is replaced by the \lstinline!+! operator in Modelica.

Author: As suggested in conversation with @HansOlsson:
```suggestion
  Concatenation of string literals requires a binary expression. For example, \lstinline!"a" + "b"! becomes \lstinline!"ab"!.
  There is no support for the C/C++ style of concatenating adjacent string literal tokens (for example, \lstinline[language=C]!"a" "b"! becoming \lstinline[language=C]!"ab"!).
```
